The inside of the cheek and the inside of a vagina are made of the same tissue.
Humans are the best endurance runners on the planet, able to outrun ANY species given enough distance/time.
In Japan more paper is used to make manga than toilet paper.
Contrary to popular belief, toilet paper is NOT a cure for COVID-19 infections.
Cleopatra lived closer in time to the founding of Pizza Hut than she did the construction of the pyramids.
The were still mammoths roaming the earth by the time the pyramids were being constructed.
The average person has one testicle.
Earth is hit with 8 pounds of sunlight every year.
The letter "J" wasn't invented until 1630.
Coconuts are mammals because they have hair and produce milk.
You can't see your shadow in a mirror because mirrors only reflect light and shadows are an absence of light.
If you soak a raisin in grape juice, it turns into a grape.
New Zealand was discovered in 1969 when ‎Neil Armstrong spotted it from space.
No matter how fast you go, automatic doors will open in time.
The stop signs that are outlined in white are optional stop signs.
Rocks are actually soft,but harden when touched.
Vin Diesel is actually an albino black man.
A female peacock is called a peacunt.
There are more stars in the galaxy than atoms in the universe.
25% of the sun is composed of helium, which is why it floats in space.
Dinosaurs had big ears, but everyone forgot this because dinosaur ears don't have bones.
Dinosaurs were invented by the C.I.A. to discourage time travel.
They let all the large cats out at night at the zoo to take care of rats and the occasional lemur.
Kim Jong Il is the world's best golfer.
Your luggage doesn't get on the plane with you - that little conveyor belt runs all the way to the destination airport.
If you you say gullible slowly enough, it sounds like orange.
Baby seal skin is what Kevlar is made from. That is why they have to be clubbed as they can't be shot and killed.
Obama has personally asked Jerry Seinfeld to consider making season 10.
The sky is blue because its a reflection of the ocean.
We get "morning wood" because our ancestors slept on hillsides and it would serve as a kick stand.
For good luck, a kid in Italy will hide a slice of prosciutto beneath their pillow before the first day of school.
It takes 11 trees to make 1 piece of paper.
Dolphins are the only animal other than humans to pay for sex.
In an emergency situation, the human anus provides enough heat to hard-boil an egg.
Licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
Pyramid is the strongest shape ever constructed. It fits all other shapes inside of it.